Update use-dkim-to-validate-outbound-email.md (#3465)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/office-365-security/use-dkim-to-validate-outbound-email.md

## Set up DKIM so that a third-party service can send, or spoof, email on behalf of your custom domain
<a name="SetUp3rdPartyspoof"> </a>

> Some bulk email service providers, or software-as-a-service providers, let you set up DKIM keys for email that originates from their service. This requires coordination between yourself and the third-party in order to set up the necessary DNS records. Some third-party server can have it's own CNAME records with different selectors. No two organizations do it exactly the same way. Instead, the process depends entirely on the organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some bulk email service providers, or software-as-a-service providers, let you set up DKIM keys for email that originates from their service. This requires coordination between yourself and the third-party in order to set up the necessary DNS records. Some third-party servers can have their own CNAME records with different selectors. No two organizations do it exactly the same way. Instead, the process depends entirely on the organization.
```
